Pay brother
This dollar is the million-dollar hero of Dragon Chuan Group
Under one man above ten thousand
I've already betrothed myself to him
You can't take mine away
Zixuan
Don't worry.
There is nothing in this world that I can't get
Stop! What do you want?
This Tiananmen Square is the confinement of the Hall of Souls
For the dragons of the past dynasties, Canglong can be opened as much as possible
If any mortal dares to touch him, the earth will shake
Heaven and Earth
Today you dare to touch the gate of heaven
Our four major families are the first to refuse
Your four major families did not agree to Yaozu
I'm here to open the gate of heaven today
How many days have you been gone?
Did you win a lot?
But offend our four families at the same time
Do you think you can get out of here alive?
Ignorant rat
It's not certain who will die and who will live
Even if you are not afraid of death
Aren't you afraid of causing others to die?
Do you know what you're doing?
What a disaster it will cause
At that time, everyone present in Longshuai Town today
Even Su Xue is not dead
Appear brother
Heaven's Gate is not something that mortals can touch
But you saw this time
He really can't look back
Su Xue, don't worry.
I'm here today.
No one can hurt you
It's that it has to be opened.
You are so presumptuous
Pretending to be a dragon tax before a business trip
Now I have to worry about eating again
Do you really think we are blind?
Did you impersonate it for a while and you'll know?
Get out! What are you doing?
On a business trip, that is Moutai who presented gifts to Longchuan
A bunch of blind idiots
Just you
Match my father